Write a predicate ordered? that takes a sentence of numbers as its argument and returns a true value if the numbers are in ascending order, or a false value otherwise.

This one took me more time than needed. We know we're going to rely on recursion to solve all problems requiring iteration (because so far we have no other tools). Employing our strategy of solving the big problem by initially solving a smaller one, we can think as follows:
- The most simple version of this problem is to find out if a list of one number is ordered. This is a procedure that should just return true if it sees one number.
- For a list of 2 numbers (a, b), the procedure should return true if a < b and false otherwise.
- Now, a list of 3 numbers can be viewed as 2 lists, one made of 2 numbers and one made of 1 number. Our procedure can look at both and we can have something like (true, true) or (true, false) and so on (you get the idea).

We can thik then of another procedure that makes use of the previous one by going through the list of numbers one by one and checking if any number is less than the one after it. When it reaches the final number, it can deal with it as above. We can build a list of (true, true, false, ...) etc and evaluate it with `and` to reach a final verdict.


```
#lang racket
(require berkeley)

(define (less-than s)
  (if (equal? (butfirst s) '())
      (< (first s))
  (< (first s) (first (butfirst s)))))


(define (ordered? s)
  (if (equal? (butfirst s) '())
      (less-than s)
      (and (less-than s) (ordered? (butfirst s)))
      ))
```


A shorter version which combines these into one procedure:

```
(define (ordered? lst)
  (cond ((empty? lst) #t) ;an empty list is ordered
        ((equal? (butfirst lst) '()) #t) ;a one item list is ordered
        ((and (<= (first lst) (first (butfirst lst))) (ordered? (butfirst lst)))) ;check each 2 numbers
        (else #f)))
```

NB: It seems to me another solution might be possible (which perhaps can stop once it sees a false )but this is what I've come up with so far 
