Most versions of Lisp provide and and or procedures like the ones on page 19. In principle there is no reason why these can’t be ordinary procedures, but some versions of Lisp make them special forms. Suppose, for example, we evaluate
(or (= x 0) (= y 0) (= z 0))
If or is an ordinary procedure, all three argument expressions will be evaluated before or is invoked. But if the variable x has the value 0, we know that the entire expression has to be true regardless of the values of y and z. A Lisp interpreter in which or is a special form can evaluate the arguments one by one until either a true one is found or it runs out of arguments.
Your mission is to devise a test that will tell you whether Scheme’s and and or are special forms or ordinary functions. This is a somewhat tricky problem, but it’ll get you thinking about the evaluation process more deeply than you otherwise might.
Why might it be advantageous for an interpreter to treat or as a special form and evaluate its arguments one at a time? Can you think of reasons why it might be advantageous to treat or as an ordinary function?

------
Answer
------

P1: "devise a test that will tell you whether Scheme’s and and or are special forms or ordinary functions."

`and` , `or` take the form `(and x y)` `(or x y)`

If `and`, `or` are evaluated as special forms, then certain cases can make the results known through evaluating `x` only: `(and #f anything_else)` and `(or #t anything_else)`

if that is not the case, `y` will need to be evaluated to resolve the expression.

If they are evaluated as ordinary procedures, `y` will need to be evlauted in any case.

We can test this then by implementing a function that goes into an infinite loop if evaluated and provide this as `y`. If evaluated as ordinary procedure, we always get and infinite loop. If evaluated as special form, we get a result in case 1 but an infinite loop in case 2. 

And example is:

```
#lang racket
(require berkeley)

(define (p )
  (p))

(and #f (p))
(or #t (p))
```

This should give us `#f` and `#t`

While 
```
(and #t (p))
(or #f (p))
```
Goes into infinite loop.


P2: Why might it be advantageous for an interpreter to treat or as a special form and evaluate its arguments one at a time? Can you think of reasons why it might be advantageous to treat or as an ordinary function?


------
Answer
------
Treating them as special forms is more efficient. If we have `(and x y z)` and we already know the result at `x`, we don't need to evlauate `y, z`

Treating them as ordinary procedures is perhaps useful for detecting bugs such as the one we introduced above.above
