3.41 Do we need to serialize `balance`? 

The main reason we need serializers is if a process has many steps and those steps involve accessing the same varaiable more than once. This means it can be interrupted (interleaved) by another process which may change that variable and so its value won't be consistent across the multiple access steps. A serializer is needed to protect that and make the many steps of the process into "one block" that can't be interrupted.

The question we have thus becomes: is `balabce` (READ) a one step or multi-step process?

- If it's one step, then no need to serialize as it can't be interrupted.
- If it's multiple steps, then it can be interrupted and needs serialization.

Here we find this in the CS61A notes: To answer that you must know that a number can be read from the computer's
memory in a single, indivisible hardware operation.  This is true for
every modern computer, provided that the number fits in the usual
hardware representation of numbers.  However, Scheme supports
"bignums", which are unlimited-precision integers.  That's why in
Scheme you can compute the factorial of 1000 and get a precise
answer, even though that answer has 2568 decimal digits.  Reading
a bignum requires more than one memory reference, and so Ben is
right if bignums are allowed.

The usual indivisible-lookup kind of integer can support values
up to about 2 billion, so this means that the bank that handles
Bill Gates' account should take Ben's advice, but the rest of us
don't have to worry about it.
