Exercise 1.33 #

You can obtain an even more general version of accumulate (Exercise 1.32) by introducing the notion of a filter on the terms to be combined. That is, combine only those terms derived from values in the range that satisfy a specified condition. The resulting filtered-accumulate abstraction takes the same arguments as accumulate, together with an additional predicate of one argument that specifies the filter. Write filtered-accumulate as a procedure. Show how to express the following using filtered-accumulate:

the sum of the squares of the prime numbers in the interval a to b (assuming that you have a prime? predicate already written)
the product of all the positive integers less than n that are relatively prime to n (i.e., all positive integers i < n such that GCD(i,n)=1).

---------------------
How to add the filter?
---------------------
The filter (as described above) is a predictae procedure that returns True or False when applied to a number. I initially thought to come up with a function that used the predicate and returned the number itself if predicate was true else returned the null-value. This turned out to make the code a bit more complicated than it needed to be. An easier solution was to add an extra checking step for "a" (a nested if) such that if a satisfied the predicate condition, we accumulate it otherwise we accumulate the null value.
```
(define (filtered-accumulate combiner null-value term a next b filter)
  (if (> a b)
      null-value
      (if (filter a)
          (combiner (term a)
                    (filtered-accumulate combiner null-value term (next a) next b filter))
          (combiner null-value
                    (filtered-accumulate combiner null-value term (next a) next b filter))
          )))
          
```

It might be a bit tricky to picture what is going on at each step but this is a tree that branches (recursive branches) each time a satisfies / does not satisfy the predicate condition.


We could use the "identity" as a filter for sum and product and prime? for sum-prime-squares 

````
(define (identity x) x)
(define (inc x) (+ 1 x))


(define (sum a b)
  (filtered-accumulate + 0 identity a inc b identity))

(define (product a b)
  (filtered-accumulate * 1 identity a inc b identity))

(define (sum-prime-squares a b)
  (filtered-accumulate + 0 square a inc b prime?))
```

We need to devise the predicae for (b)
```
(define (gcd a b)
  (if (= b 0)
      a
      (gcd b (remainder a b))))

(define (product-relative-primes a b)

  (define (relatively-prime a)
    (if (and (< a b) (= 1 (gcd a b)))
        #t
        #f))
  
  (filtered-accumulate * 1 identity a inc b relatively-prime))


(product-relative-primes 1 10) ;result 189



```
